DOPS-54 Enrichment Keycloak Helm Chart (#2)
dBildungsplattform/dbp-keycloak: helm/dbp-keycloak/templates/NOTES.txt

> {{ if (or (or .Values.auth.existingSecret .Values.extraConfig.external) .Values.extraSecret.external) }}
> You are using existing secrets, which will not automatically restart the deployment.
> {{ end }}

Reviewer: IMO, the notes.txt should always warn about this.

```suggestion
If you use Secrets or ConfigMaps not managed by the Helm Chart and these are changed, the pods managed by the Chart's deployment will not be restarted automatically. A manual restart is required to have the pods use the new version.
External secrets or ConfigMaps are used by this Helm deployment: {{ ternary "yes" "no" (or .Values.auth.existingSecret .Values.extraConfig.external .Values.extraSecret.external) }}
```
